He didn't say he was going to help me.
But wait for me to take the initiative to find him
It seems that this person is not as simple as we imagined
But you said Su Yize
Really because of chasing women
And doing so many outrageous things
Mr. Qin
The current biggest problem is still the land problem
I think it's a priority to solve it
As for Young Master Su
His behavior is indeed abnormal
A super simp king
In order to win the heart of Xi'an women
It's possible to do outrageous things
If so
Then I am really disappointed with Su Shao
This bastard is so
I wake up first
I don't think he would use me for a woman
I didn't expect it to be my uncle
This bastard moved me
Broke my heart again
I'm a joke in the end
A tool he uses to pick up girls
I'm so stupid
But his feelings for me
I can feel it accurately
Doesn't look fake.
If you don't really like me
How can you invest in me?
It's up to me to make money to save the Yan family's business
Could it be that
There's a catch.
This morning
I have to find someone to investigate